Wife, you are pregnant
Pay more attention to your body these days
I'll hire a few more nannies later
I will take good care of you.
husband
Do you think our baby is a boy or a girl?
I guess it must be a girl
As beautiful as you
That's not necessarily true.
Look at his restlessness
Maybe a lively boy
Mom, what do you think?
If it is a boy, our Su family will reward 1 billion.
What if it's a girl?
Girls will be rewarded with two billion dollars.
The test results are out
The child is healthy
Ouch, great.
Hey, is it a boy or a girl?
Boys and girls
Young grandma she
One child five treasures
Hahaha, housekeeper Sun
We must arrange for the best hospital
And the best doctor
Be sure to ensure the safety of Mengmeng and the baby
Oops hahaha let's go hahaha I'm going to get something to eat
What's wrong with you wife
Nothing. Just feeling blind.
I can't watch my babies grow
Some regrets
Wife
Do you want to let your eyes
What about seeing again?